# Examples for FlexCel Studio for .NET

Here you can find all the demos for [FlexCel Studio for .NET](http://www.tmssoftware.com/site/flexcelnet.asp)

You can find a description of each demo in the [documentation](https://doc.tmssoftware.com/flexcel/net/index.html)
**All the demos here are also available when you install FlexCel using the setup.**

**:book: Note** We update this repository automatically every time we release a new FlexCel version. So if you have notifications integrated with github, you can subscribe to this feed to be notified of new releases.


## New in v 7.23 - December 2024


- **Support for .NET 9.** We fixed some compatibility issues with breaking changes in .NET 9

- **Support for Native AOT in .NET 9.** Everything except reports is fully supported when running under [.NET Native AOT](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/deploying/native-aot/). See [FlexCel's docs about native aot](https://doc.tmssoftware.com/flexcel/net/tips/native-aot.html) for more information.

- **Updated minimum SkiaSharp to 3.116.1.** Some SkiaSharp 2.88 versions had high-severity vulnerabilities. To make sure those aren't used by mistake, we updated our minimum required version to 3.116 and made FlexCel compatible with it.

- **Improved accessibility of generated PDF files.** Now the PDFs generated by FlexCel will have a defined Tab order, and pass that accessibility check.

- **Bug Fix.** Improved handling of references in UDFs and Lambda functions. While internally FlexCel manages Lambda functions as user defined functions, they behave differently when handling references. For example, =ISREF(Func(A1)) will return true if this is a lambda function that returns A1, and false if it is a UDF

- **Bug Fix.** When calculating linked files and formulas referred names in other files, there was no way to retrieve the information in UDFs. Also =LET function wouldn't work correctly with those external links.

- **Bug Fix.** Improved the quality of the generated PDF files. When attaching files one record was set as a direct reference when the docs the specs it should be indirect. The files worked anyway, but now they are more strictly correct.

- **Bug Fix.** Improved compatibility with files created by third party tools.

